gross - we'll take the shot by the D -
sanma coffee they have 42 seconds to try
and make up five points multiple James
Calvin Velma that was a statement
he wanted at Calvin the Beast of leva
and he takes a bow
Calvin up huelva definitely has come to
play here in game number three coach
Luigi Pina did went up the web oh great
block by Cyrus Baguio and then Calvin up
Weber with an emphatic slam
but coach Luigi after that play didn't
appeal dynastic Alvina Weber repo close
let's go to the bench and finish this
basketball game up here people um young
sanma can still come up with a bunch of
baskets they still got guys named DJ
Simone James yup and Denzel goes seven
points thirty six point seven seconds
left still an eternity of basketball
when you have such a talented team like
the Sun make coffee mixers they were
able to move the basketball
Wow rivers are not even I didn't talk I
read what Seto ruffinelli a fellow
up the bum ba-da-da-da-da not if you say
yes
Oh our sunday showdown
and here's JJ it's over the mark of 0
for 3 Reba Vicki for everybody
it applies
this entire
looking for tea yes Miley gets it
Europe mi psychological effect that's a
judge is nothing holy - yeah yeah people
missing
Wever
how many 38 38 here's the completed
thumb
takes a lot of strength
make that tough after five for five
tries right
what yes I'm even glad for it that is
personality
now the weapon of the Alaska Aces
who is impressed I'm gonna speak
and you learn the judges ago stealing is
banging up my top will get my unity but
we're never better you know you need
impeccable timing
yeah meet that China if I because it
came from the bass line from the corner
rather and you had to turn your body in
midair catch the ball and put it on
inside the hoop so that was in flea